## Implementing FAQs in an Application

The FAQ solution can be implemented in both iOS and Mac applications.  The code works for both.

### Sample App

Let's quickly test this out now on an iOS app.

1. Create a new iOS application and call it whatever you like.  I will call mine Sample Application as I called my JSON folder.

We will not be doing any special coding in this app, but in order to display the FAQs, you will need to provide a way to initiate a modal sheet

1. Embed the VStack in a NavigationStack
2. Create a Boolean State property called showFAQ and initialize it as false
3. Add a navigationTitle using the string "Sample Application"
4. Add a toolbar with a single button and in the action, toggle the showFAQ
5. For the label, use an image with the system name "info.circle.fill"

```swift
struct ContentView: View {
    @State private var showFAQ = false //2
    var body: some View {
        NavigationStack { // 1
            VStack {
                Image(systemName: "globe")
                    .imageScale(.large)
                    .foregroundStyle(.tint)
                Text("Hello, world!")
            }
            .padding()
            .navigationTitle("Sample Application") // 3
            .toolbar { // 4
                Button {
                    showFAQ.toggle() //5
                } label: {
                    Image(systemName: "info.circle.fill")
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Adding the FAQ Files

In the resources folder for this tutorial you will find a folder called FAQ folder with 4 files

> Do NOT drag the entire folder onto your project navigator

1. In Xcode, create a new Group called FAQ
2. Drag the 4 files from the resources into that group folder making sure you specify **Copy items if needed** this should ensure that all 4 files are added to the target

### Updating FAQView

Select the FAQ file you will have to make one mandatory change and one optional one

1. Replace the string in the FAQService on line 16 with the url that points to your specific FAQ json file.
2. In my example, this will be `https://stewartlynchdemo.github.io/FAQ/SampleApplication/ExampleApplication.json`

```swift
@State private var faqService = FAQService("https://stewartlynch.github.io/FAQ/SampleApplication/ExampleApplication.json")
```

As soon as you do that, you should see the list update after it makes the call to display all of your FAQs in the list

3. Notice that there are two sections with the first section being **App Information** and the other one is **More...**

   These can be changed by returning to the FAQView and updating the levelString functions's switch statement. 

4. As my app only has two levels, I like the first string, but I am going to change the second to be **More information**.  Levels 3, 4 and 5 will just be ignored

```swift
func levelString(_ level: Int) -> String {
    switch level {
    case 1:
        "App Information"
    case 2:
        "More Information"
    case 3:
        "Level 3 Title"
    case 4:
        "Level 4 Title"
    default:
        "Level 5 Title"
    }
}
```

### Adding a Sheet

Attach a Sheet to the ContentView's VStack that is presented on a change to ShowLevel and present the FAQView

```swift
.sheet(isPresented: $showFAQ) {
    FAQView()
}
```

### Test

Test this by running on the simulator

1. When the app launches, tap on the navigation bar button. And you will see your list of FAQ
